
	 A collection of Guile Scheme modules by Neil Jerram
	 ===================================================

During ten years or more of writing Scheme code, I've often found
myself writing the same bits of utility code several times.  Also I've
spent time wondering which "application" I should assign a piece of
code to, and what to do about pieces of code that don't fit anywhere
precise (how and whether to publish them, release them, and so on).
I'm not sure that time was well spent.

I now think this all stemmed from unhelpfully trying to organise my
work into individual "applications" - which was never really necessary
- and from not having a convenient way (before the DVCS era) of
sharing and managing versions of the same code between different
places.  These days we have DVCS, and I plan from now on to manage
most of my Scheme code as part of a single overall collection.

This approach also fits better with hackability and free software.
For hackability, modules with nice programming APIs are more important
than finished programs that provide a non-programming front end to
those APIs.  Using the modules directly (from the Guile REPL) is often
more convenient, when hacking, than using a GUI or a command line
program.  The module-centric approach also promotes the possibilities
of people - either oneself or others - combining existing modules in
new ways.

So that's what this project/package is: a place to collect and
organise all my various fragments of Guile Scheme code, and a
mechanism (specifically, Git) to facilitate using and evolving that
code in different places.


--
Local variables:
mode: text
End:
